Unifies and refactors documentation (#83)
JuliaNLSolvers/Manifolds.jl: CONTRIBUTING.md

from [`ManifoldsBase.jl`](https://julianlsolvers.github.io/Manifolds.jl/latest/interface.html).
This package also provides the main set of functions a manifold can/should implement.
Don't worry if you are only aware of a part of the functions. As long as the application
you have in mind only requires a subset of these functions, implement those. The
[`ManifoldsBase.jl`](https://julianlsolvers.github.io/Manifolds.jl/latest/interface.html)
interface provides concrete error messages for functions you might have missed.

One important detail is, that the interface often provides a mutating as well as a
non-mutating variant, see for example
[exp!](https://julianlsolvers.github.io/Manifolds.jl/latest/interface.html#ManifoldsBase.exp!-Tuple{Manifold,Any,Any,Any})
and
[exp](https://julianlsolvers.github.io/Manifolds.jl/latest/interface.html#Base.exp-Tuple{Manifold,Any,Any}).
The non-mutating one always falls back to use the mutating one, so in most cases it should
suffice to implement the mutating one, i.e.
[exp!](https://julianlsolvers.github.io/Manifolds.jl/latest/interface.html#ManifoldsBase.exp!-Tuple{Manifold,Any,Any,Any})
in this case.

> Note that since the first argument is _always_ the [`Manifold`](https://julianlsolvers.github.io/Manifolds.jl/latest/interface.html#ManifoldsBase.Manifold), the mutable element is always the second argument in the signature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that since the first argument is _always_ the [`Manifold`](https://julianlsolvers.github.io/Manifolds.jl/latest/interface.html#ManifoldsBase.Manifold), the mutated argument is always the second one in the signature.
```

In the example we have `exp(M, x, v)` for the exponential map and `exp!(M, y, v, x)` for the mutating one, that stores the result in `y`.

> On the contrary the user will most likely look for the non-mutating version, when looking for help, so it we recommend to add the document string to the non-mutating one, where all different signatures should be collected in one string. This can best be archieved by adding a docstring to the function with arbitrary signature despite the first being your manifold:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the contrary the user will most likely look for the non-mutating version, when looking for help, so we recommend to add the documentation string to the non-mutating one, where all different signatures should be collected in one string. This can best be achieved by adding a docstring to the method with a general signature with the first argument being your manifold:
```

````julia
    struct MyManifold <: Manifold end
    @doc doc"""
        exp(M::MyManifold, x, v)
    
    Describe the function.
    """
    exp(::MyManifold, ::Any...)
````

> 

Reviewer: W could also have here a section about missing methods

### Add a missing method

Not all functions from our interface have methods for all manifolds. Even a single new method is a good contribution.
